Wizaplace improvment forks (#1)
wizaplace/php-etl: docs/GettingStarted.md

In your application's folder, run:

```
composer require wizaplace/php-etl
```
## Dependency injection
You can manually instanciate all the classes you need, however it is a good practice to benefit from dependency injection.
The WP-ETL is compatible with any system of a kind.

For instance, in Symfony, you just have to edit your _services.yaml_ file and add this kind
of line for any object you want to be available with DI:

_services.yaml_
```yaml
services:
    Wizaplace\Etl\Etl:
```

Sometimes you may need different instances of the classes. As by default Symfony services container

> provide with singleton, you can ask it explicitly to provide different instances:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provides a singleton, but you can ask it explicitly to provide different instances:
```
